- Async code emits events then only we come the know the task is completed 
- We should hide the implementation details to other classes/modules/files
- Factory is method which returns object

Interface
- Shared boundry
- Interface helps to decouple classes
-A class or struct can implement multiple interfaces, 
but a class can inherit only a single class, abstract or not. 
Therefore, by using interfaces, you can include behavior from multiple sources in a class
- Using interface adds an abstraction layer which hides the implementation
- Make managable, extensible, testable


A class implemeting an interface promises to implement the methods/prop present in the interface
Using that interface, Other classes can access those prop/methods of class which is present in interface

Extension Method:
static method of a static class, where "this" modifier is applied to the first parameter.
The type of the first parameter will be the type that is extended.

Delegate: reference of a function, which can be used to pass as a parameter to other function
	without knowing its definition at compile time.
	"Func" in short is parameterized delegate. 
	In C#, a delegate instance points towards a method. When a caller invokes the delegate,
	it calls its target method. This way, the caller is not invoking the target method rather 
	invoking the delegate which can call the target method. 
	We do it because it creates an abstraction on invoking the target method.
	We of course always can invoke a method directly but decoupling of the client and target method 
	is sometimes a need or gives us more flexibility to make things clean and simple.

If server does NOT set the content type in the response header then Browser has no
idea how to render the Response body, as a text, html, css etc.

Implicit base class of every class in .Net is System.Object

w3wp is worker process of IIS which runs the web application and
each application pool creates atleast one instance of w3wp.
it handle request sent to the web service

MVC Design pattern: Controller(handle request and Figure out the model) -> Model(Contain data) -> View(Use the model data to construct the html)

- One oops principle: Program to Interface not implementation
SOLID:
 LSP indicates is that subtype behavior should match base type behavior as defined in the base type specification
 
Boxing: Convert value type to Object Type

In JS the default scope for executing functions is the Window object
Call function basically allows you to call a function defined somewhere else, but in the current context("this")

V8 engine compiles JavaScript code into machine code at execution by implementing a JIT (Just-In-Time) compiler
 The main difference with V8 is that it doesn’t produce bytecode or any intermediate code like other Engines.
 
Compilation vs Interpreter: https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/136993/interpreted-vs-compiled-a-useful-distinction

Maintianability :  is inversely proportional to the amount of time it takes a developer to make a change
	and the risk that change will break something
	Change at one place should be reflected at everywhere
	
Flexible:

Design Pattern:



REST API
REST allows a greater variety of data formats, whereas SOAP only allows XML.






